 Good evening from Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. I'm Candy Crowley from CNN's "State of the Union." We are here for the second presidential debate, a town hall, sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates.
 The Gallup organization chose 82 uncommitted voters from the New York area. Their questions will drive the night. My goal is to give the conversation direction and to ensure questions get answered.
The questions are known to me and my team only. Neither the commission, nor the candidates have seen them. I hope to get to as many questions as possible.
 And because I am the optimistic sort, I'm sure the candidates will oblige by keeping their answers concise and on point.
Each candidate has as much as two minutes to respond to a common question, and there will be a two-minute follow-up. The audience here in the hall has agreed to be polite and attentive -- no cheering or booing or outbursts of any sort.
We will set aside that agreement just this once to welcome President Barack Obama and Governor Mitt Romney.
(APPLAUSE)
Gentlemen, thank you both for joining us here tonight. We have a lot of folks who've been waiting all day to talk to you, so I want to get right to it.
Governor Romney, as you know, you won the coin toss, so the first question will go to you. And I want to turn to a first-time voter, Jeremy Epstein, who has a question for you.
 Mr. President?
 Let me ask you for more immediate answer and begin with Mr. Romney just quickly what -- what can you do? We're looking at a situation where 40 percent of the unemployed have been unemployed have been unemployed for six months or more. They don't have the two years that Jeremy has.
What about those long term unemployed who need a job right now?
 Let me give the president a chance.
Go ahead. 
 Mr. President, the next question is going to be for you here.
And, Mr. Romney -- Governor Romney -- there'll be plenty of chances here to go on, but I want to...
 We have all these folks.
 I will let you absolutely...
 OK. Will -- will -- you certainly will have lots of time here coming up.
Because I want to move you on to something that's sort of connected to cars here, and -- and go over. And we want to get a question from Phillip Tricolla.
 Governor, on the subject of gas prices?
 Mr. President, let me just see if I can move you to the gist of this question, which is, are we looking at the new normal? I can tell you that tomorrow morning, a lot of people in Hempstead will wake up and fill up and they will find that the price of gas is over $4 a gallon.
Is it within the purview of the government to bring those prices down, or are we looking at the new normal?
 Mr. President, could you address, because we did finally get to gas prices here, could you address what the governor said, which is if your energy policy was working, the price of gasoline would not be $4 a gallon here. Is that true?
 I got to -- I got to move you on --
 -- and the next question --
 -- for you --
 (Inaudible) in the follow up, it doesn't quite work like that. But I'm going to give you a chance here. I promise you, I'm going to.
And the next question is for you. So if you want to, you know, continue on -- but I don't want to leave all --
 -- sitting here --
 OK.
 OK.
 We're going to move you along --
 We're going to move you both along to taxes over here and all these folks that have been waiting.
Governor, this question is for you. It comes from Mary Follano -- Follano, sorry.
 Thanks, Governor.
 Governor Romney, I'm sure you've got a reply there.
 Governor, let me ask the president something about what you just said.
The governor says that he is not going to allow the top 5 percent, believe is what he said, to have a tax cut, that it will all even out, that what he wants to do is give that tax cut to the middle class. Settled?
 Mr. President, let me get -- let me get the governor in on this. And Governor, let's -- before we get into a...
 ...vast array of who says -- what study says what, if it shouldn't add up. If somehow when you get in there, there isn't enough tax revenue coming in. If somehow the numbers don't add up, would you be willing to look again at a 20 percent...
 Governor, I've gotta -- gotta -- actually, I need to have you both (inaudible).
(CROSSTALK)
 I understand the stakes here. I understand both of you. But I -- I will get run out of town if I don't...
(CROSSTALK)
 Mr. President, we're keeping track, I promise you. And Mr. President, the next question is for you, so stay standing.
 Governor Romney, pay equity for women?
 Governor?
 Mr. President why don't you get in on this quickly, please?
 Mr. President...
 I want to move us along here to Susan Katz, who has a question.
And, Governor, it's for you. 
 OK. The timekeepers are all working. And let me tell you that the last part, it's for the two of you to talk to one another, and it isn't quite as (inaudible) you think.
But go ahead and use this two minutes any way you'd like to, the question is on the floor.
 Thanks, Governor.
Mr. President?
 I want to move you both along to the next question, because it's in the same wheelhouse, so you will be able to respond. But the president does get this question. I want to call on Michael Jones.
 Mr. President, let me let...
(CROSSTALK)
 Mr. President. Thank you.
(CROSSTALK)
 Thank you. Governor?
 Governor, I want to move you along. Don't -- don't go away, and we'll have plenty of time to respond. We are quite aware of the clock for both of you. But I want to bring in a different subject here.
Mr. President, I'll be right back with you.
Lorraine Osorio has a question for you about a topic we have not...
 It's for Governor Romney, and we'll be right with you, Mr. President. Thanks.
 Let me get the governor in here, Mr. President. Let's speak to, if you could...
 ...the idea of self-deportation?
 Governor Romney, you can make it short. See all these people? They've been waiting for you. (inaudible) make it short (inaudible).
 We're way off topic here, Governor Romney.
(CROSSTALK)
 If I could have you sit down, Governor Romney. Thank you.
 Mr. President, let me move you on here please. Mr. President, (inaudible).
 Don't go away, though -- right. Don't go away because I -- I want you to talk to Kerry Ladka who wants to switch the topic for us.
 Mr. President, I'm going to move us along. Governor?
 Because we're -- we're closing in, I want to still get a lot of people in. I want to ask you something, Mr. President, and then have the governor just quickly.
Your secretary of state, as I'm sure you know, has said that she takes full responsibility for the attack on the diplomatic mission in Benghazi. Does the buck stop with your secretary of state as far as what went on here?
 Governor, if you want to...
 ... quickly to this please.
 It -- it -- it -- he did in fact, sir. So let me -- let me call it an act of terror...
 He -- he did call it an act of terror. It did as well take -- it did as well take two weeks or so for the whole idea there being a riot out there about this tape to come out. You are correct about that.
 It did.
 Mr. President, let me --
 I know you --
 Absolutely. But I want to -- I want to move you on and also --
 -- the transcripts and --
 -- figure out what we --
 Because what I -- what I want to do, Mr. President, stand there a second, because I want to introduce you to Nina Gonzalez, who brought up a question that we hear a lot, both over the Internet and from this crowd.
 Governor Romney, the question is about assault weapons, AK-47s.
 Governor, Governor, if I could, the question was about these assault weapons that once were once banned and are no longer banned.
I know that you signed an assault weapons ban when you were in Massachusetts, obviously, with this question, you no longer do support that. Why is that, given the kind of violence that we see sometimes with these mass killings? Why is it that you have changed your mind?
 So I could -- if you could get people to agree to it, you would be for it?
 Quickly, Mr. President.
 Mr. President, I have to -- I have to move you along here. You said you wanted to...
(CROSSTALK)
 We need to do it here.
 One...
 The question, Mr. President, was guns here, so I need to move us along.
 You know, the question was guns. So let me -- let me bring in another...
 I understand.
 OK. Thank you so much. I want to ask Carol Goldberg to stand up, because she gets to a question that both these men have been passionate about. It's for Governor Romney.
 Mr. President, two minutes here, because we are then going to go to our last question.
 Mr. President, we have a really short time for a quick discussion here.
iPad, the Macs, the iPhones, they are all manufactured in China. One of the major reasons is labor is so much cheaper here. How do you convince a great American company to bring that manufacturing back here?
 Let me to go the president here because we really are running out of time. And the question is can we ever get -- we can't get wages like that. It can't be sustained.
 Thanks Mr. President.
(CROSSTALK)
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney, I want to introduce you to Barry Green, because he's going to have the last question to you first?
 Governor...
 Mr. President, last two minutes belong to you.
 President Obama, Governor Romney, thank you for being here tonight.
On that note we have come to an end of this town hall debate. Our thanks to the participants for their time and to the people of Hofstra University for their hospitality.
The next and final debate takes place Monday night at Lynn (ph) University in Boca Raton, Florida. Don't forget to watch. Election Day is three weeks from today. Don't forget to vote.
Good night.
